my dad you're in a coma you know this is
a dream
memories everywhere in a cone angles to
the same common space here in coma some
people develop unique abilities in order
to discover those abilities the person
needs a little push
danger I'm wondering what your special
ability is gonna be
the man from the balcony
is he the leader he taught us how to
survive we're here for a reason
everyone who's here didn't make it in
reality they didn't have a future there
you haven't figured out anything yet
I'm the commander here
this world is made of memories how did
they get here there's an island for your
Reapers somewhere in the coma we're
always looking for people who can help
us get there
is my life now I remember that I
couldn't be together with who I wanted
to be here it's possible
our world would never appreciate
something unusual even if it's a hundred
times better
what do you need reality for after that
we need to wait
you can't wake up do you understand your
body is there in coma Hume are here
there's nothing you can do about it life
in coma is as real as it gets I said
hold it
[Music]
you
you mutants are dangerous you're not
only anywhere this place takes your
greatest fear
place your live through it Roberto
[Music]
daddy
brain we didn't get out of this together
this place is designed he puts his head
[Music]
I was so hot the New Mutants rated pg-13
and on July 23rd
don't miss the New Mutants panel at
comic-con at home
Derek Miller Rhetta Bornean impressive
stuff just doing my duty
spoken like a true soldier I'm sure you
recognize your old friend the partner
knife again put a bullet in my back
she's been raising hell all over the
globe for the past two years last week
partner stole a piece of technology
that's how we change the world I need
you and your team on this one we're
doing my way no questions asked
all right partner
he's coming here if you want to survive
we're gonna have to work together
just remember we have all the manpower
and all the leverage yeah he's using my
daughter to get to me
you got kids Miller just go get my Luger
let's do this
come out come out wherever you are
you truly do not know when to quit
[Music]
I got your back soldier
you
[Music]
millennium project seeks married couples
to participate in a 30-day research
today
Peyman $50,000 we don't even know what
this is I can assure you where it was a
group of romantics who I must confess
I hope you all enjoy your stay here
welcome to orientation
I'm your handler it's a pleasure to make
your acquaintance
these headsets will record your
brainwaves as we discuss your
experiences over the next month
hopefully leading us to uncover the
truth behind the honeymoon phase
I love hello he's not the man you think
he is I love that trip don't my
Photoshop do it ever since we got to
this house things have felt oh if you
can't trust me maybe our relationship
isn't strong enough I've been informed
that you've been experiencing paranoid
delusions from your file I didn't think
you'd make it past the first week what
do you say how do you know it wasn't
real
calm down she's manipulating us running
away
love you and you learned to love me too
[Music]
it'll just be us snow to boards and
blackridge I hope you enjoy your stay
I just wanted to tell you something you
shouldn't go to the black Ridge there
are other places you can go more
beautiful and less dangerous danger
that's exactly what we're happening
[Music]
five days ago man disappeared there
okay let's do this
thanks Larry
right
Matt are you okay
[Music]